In Atlanta's heart, Community Movement
Builders (CMB) emerges as a
beacon of hope and action.
A Black member-based
collective, CMB serves the working-class
and poor Black communities, united in the face of
gentrification, displacement, and over-policing.
Their mission to empower black communities
challenging existing institutions and
creating new ones under their control.
Through community organizing
and cooperative economics, CMB is building
a future where Black communities
thrive with autonomy and justice.
Join Community Movement Builders in
their pursuit to bring power back to the people.
Stand with us.
Empower. Organize. Transform.